Move config schema reference to md format (#2732)
continuedev/continue: docs/docs/customize/config.md

---
title: Configuration
description: Continue configuration
keywords: [config, config_schema.json, json]
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Continue Configuration

Continue can be deeply customized. User-level configuration is stored and can be edited in your home directory in [`config.json`](#configjson):

> - `~/.continue/config.json` (MacOS / Linux)

Reviewer: I think tabs for this section would be nice, something like this: https://github.com/continuedev/continue/blob/ee9df981f4851ab238ac1100b8b7912a2f786df9/docs/docs/chat/model-setup.mdx#L38

- `%USERPROFILE%\.continue\config.json` (Windows)

> To open `config.json`, you can click the "gear" icon in the bottom right corner of the Continue Chat sidebar. When editing this file, you can see the available options through IntelliSense as you type, or check the reference below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open `config.json`, you can click the "gear" icon in the bottom right corner of the Continue Chat sidebar. When editing this file, you can see the available options through autocomplete hints as you type, or check the reference below.
```

The wording of this sounds good but `IntelliSense` is a VS Code specific term.

> When you save `config.json`, Continue will automatically refresh to take into account your changes. `config.json` is automatically created the first time you use Continue. `config.json` is automatically generated if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: This section feels a bit in-the-weeds, wondering if maybe we put it into a "behavior" heading or something in a deep dive.

Example

```json title="config.json"
{
  "completionOptions": {
    "stream": false,
    "temperature": 0.5
  }
}
```

### `requestOptions`

Default HTTP request options that apply to all models and context providers, unless overridden at the model level.

**Properties:**

- `timeout`: Timeout for each request to the LLM (default: 7200 seconds).
- `verifySsl`: Whether to verify SSL certificates for requests.
- `caBundlePath`: Path to a custom CA bundle for HTTP requests - path to `.pem` file (or array of paths)
- `proxy`: Proxy URL to use for HTTP requests.
- `headers`: Custom headers for HTTP requests.
- `extraBodyProperties`: Additional properties to merge with the HTTP request body.
- `noProxy`: List of hostnames that should bypass the specified proxy.
- `clientCertificate`: Client certificate for HTTP requests.

  - `cert`: Path to the client certificate file.
  - `key`: Path to the client certificate key file.
  - `passphrase`: Optional passphrase for the client certificate key file.

Example

```json title="config.json"
{
  "requestOptions": {
    "headers": {
      "X-Auth-Token": "xxx"
    }
  }
}
```

### `models`

> Your **chat** models are defined here, which are used for [Chat](../chat/how-to-use-it.md), [Edit](../edit/how-to-use-it.md), and [Actions](../actions/how-to-use-it.md).

Reviewer: Nice call out on being chat specific

> Each model has specific configuration options tailored to its provider and functionality, which can be seen with Intellisense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each model has specific configuration options tailored to its provider and functionality, which can be seen through autocomplete hints.
```
